So for exercise 5A,
we're gonna practice unit testing.
So far we've added a utils
package in a math.go file.
And then in that file,
we wrote a really simple add method that
just adds a couple numbers together.
So let's go look at exercise 5A .markdown
and talk about what we're gonna do for
this exercise.
So there's a couple different parts to 5A.
The first one is kinda
similar to what you'd expect.
We just wrote the add method
in our utils package.
So I'd like everyone to add
an appropriately named test file and
then write a test for
that particular function.
And then run a test with run test
to make sure that it's passing.
Part two is going to kinda
go the opposite direction.
We're gonna do some TDD or
test driven development,
to write a function that makes
test implementation pass.
So in that same utils directory, we don't
have a strings test go file yet,
but you're gonna wanna create one.
You'll copy the following code
that lives here into that file,
which is just a test for
code that doesn't exist yet.
And then implement the necessary
code to make that test pass.
So the code that lives here, you can
create a file called stringstest.go,
just in your utils directory.
If you run the test now,
it's going to fail and
print out something about
things don't exist yet.
And so you'll take a couple minutes
to implement the code in a presumably
strings.go file that'll
make this test passed.